hello my name's Andy referral from
eutectics calm and today we're looking
at the patriot viper series ddr3 triple
channel six gigabyte memory kit what
comes included in the packaging is the
memory modules themselves and this
leaflet on this leaflet we can clearly
see that it's patriot memory Viper
series ddr3 with a product shop it tells
us they is extreme performance of low
latency memory and down the bottom left
we can see that we have the Intel Core
i7 support logo and the fact that
includes the XMP settings for intel core
i7 processors opening this leaflet up we
can see that we have an installation
guide on one side and on the other side
it gives us the DRAM timing control a
little bit of information about the
manufacturing excellence the quality
engineering the lifetime warranty which
is one of the main features of this
memory that I really really like and the
free technical support and how to get in
touch with Patriot on the back not mass
amount on there just once again the
support of patriot mem com email address
to knew that's where you have to go for
the free technical support once again
telling you that it comes with a
lifetime warranty taking a look at the
memory module straight away we can see
that it's got this quite nicely colored
blue heat spreader on this side we can
see that has the patriot logo in the
middle which is quite a stylish little
design it's even got the little stars on
there from the patriot logo and on this
side of the memory we can see that it
says ddr3 over in the right hand side
and on the left hand side is a barcode
sticker and now taking a look at this
barcode sticker straight away it tells
us the model number underneath it tells
us a ddr3 operating at speed of 1600
megahertz it tells us at the timings on
888 24 and it also tells us that it's a
6 gigabyte kit consisting of three times
two gigabyte modules it tells us that
the voltage is 1.6 five volts and it
does tell us that the warranty is void
if this sticker is removed and remember
this particular memory does come with a
lifetime warranty so by having that
sticker removed it is going to cause
complications later on if it came to RMA
or customer service
technical support that kind of thing
when I actually first saw this set of
memory come into our offices I did
notice that the heat spreader design is
a lot like memory that I've seen in the
past for a manufacturer such as Kingston
they do generally use a blue heat
spreader with these tall thin designs
and from some of the tests that we've
actually done in the past with various
different sets of memory we have noticed
that the heat spreaders with these two
fins are fantastic for heat dissipation
so we can understand why Patriot have
gone with this design instead of a low
profile heat spreader instead
you
I'd really like this set of memory
modules the whole overall design of the
heatsink is really nice with the blue
and the Patriot logo on there some
people may have some issues with Clement
so because the heat spreaders have got
the fins on top there may be some issues
with regards to heat sink or putting
this set of memory modules into a small
form factor K so please bear that in
mind if you are looking at purchasing
this particular set patriot our
manufacturer that you can trust and with
the lifetime warranty that's a really
big point for me that makes me want to
go out and buy this set of memory
lifetime warranty i think is a really
important factor if you are looking at
purchasing memory from Patriot they do
have many various different sets of
memory three gigabyte kit 6 gigabyte
kits and I believe that even 12 gigabyte
kits especially ones like this end at
the core i7 market and the x58 chipset
with regards to the benchmarks you can
see that it did give fantastic results
and it has really solid type low timings
as well this memory module set is a low
latency set so you can see straight away
that the time is and even the voltages
are very very low there's no school that
I can give this other than five out of
five stars
you